Be/dictionaries (#87)
Ada-Developers-Academy/ada-precourse-v2: intro-to-python/dictionaries.md

# distance = "67 million miles"

```  

## Heterogeneous vs. Homogeneous Dictionaries

> Dictionaries store data using key-value pairs. Let's look at a few examples where the datatype of the values is different within a single dictionary (heterogeneous) and where the datatype of the values is the same withing a single dictionary (homogeneous).

Reviewer: Just a typo withing - within

Dictionaries store data using key-value pairs. Let's look at a few examples where the datatype of the values is different within a single dictionary (heterogeneous) and where the datatype of the values is the same within a single dictionary (homogeneous)

### Address
Let's look at an address dictionary in more detail.

```Python
adas_address = {
    "name":  "Ada Developers Academy"
    "street": ["315 5th Ave S", "Suite 200"]
    "city": "Seattle"
    "state": "WA"
    "zip_code": 98104
}
```

Notice that `adas_address` is a *heterogenous* dictionary. The values paired with `"name"`, `"city"`, and `"state"` are *strings*. The `"street"` value is a *list* holding the first and second lines of the address, and the `"zip_code"` is an *integer*.

> Later in the core curriculum, we will learn about classes and objects and how they are used to group and store data with different datatypes similar to a *heterogenous* dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Heterogeneous* dictionaries are often used to group data with different data types together. Later in the core curriculum, we will learn about classes and objects and how they are similarly used to group and store data with different data types.
```

### Planet Distance

Let's revisit the `planet_dict`: 

```Python
planet_dict = {
    "mercury": "36 million miles", 
    "venus": "67 million miles",
    "mars": "142 million miles", 
}
```

> Notice that `planet_dict` is a *uniform* or *homogenous* dictionary. All the values have the same datatype, they are *strings*. Given this, we may chose to drop the `"million miles"` from the values and use *integers* for the values. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that `planet_dict` is a *uniform* or *homogeneous* dictionary. All the values have the same data type: they are all *strings*. Given this, we may chose to drop the `"million miles"` from the values and instead use *integers* for the values. 
```
